Fix an alternative version for v0.12.0 (#5403)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-0.12.md

## v0.12.0

> [!NOTE]

> > This release is not deployable on GKE. GKE users should use Kueue 0.11.5 until 0.12.1 comes out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release is not deployable on GKE. GKE users should use Kueue 0.12.1 or newer.
```
I guess the message is addressed to users of 0.12.0 so we can skip already 0.11.5

Author: That makes sense.
Let's just replace it with 0.12.1.
